# A1: SegFault

### Goals, business context and environment
This project intends to specify, develop and promote an information system with a web interface to manage a community of collaborative questions and answers for programmers.


### Motivation
Programmers worldwide scavange the internet to indulge their learning needs. SegFault emerges as the solution, enabling easy knowledge exchange between developers.


### Main features
The main goal of SegFault is to establish a platform for programmers to learn, discuss different approaches, present ideas and share knowledge in a Q&A style. It's also possible to associate brief comments to questions and answers. As your questions are answered, contributors and yourself can earn reputation points and badges (symbolizing your contributions to the community).
SegFault will have a simple and responsive interface, organized by categories and endowed with powerful search capabilities enabling visitors to easily search for previously answered questions.
The platform must have low loading times and high reliability and availability. Additionaly, the platform must protect the privacy and integrity of the client's data.
Each user has a profile page, featuring a short biogrophy, a picture, his rating and their messages. Users will also be notified as soon as a reply is made to their messages.

### User profiles
Visitors can search and read questions, answers and comments. Visitors are able to register and/or login in order to become an authenticated user.
Besides the visitors' functionalities, authenticated can submit questions, answers and comments.
The platform will be based on a honor system, granting registered users the ability to upvote or downvote a question, answer or comment based on its usefulness to the discussion. Each user has an associated reputation that is calculated considering the votes on its questions, answers and comments.
As an authenticated user, after posting a question, you can mark an answer as correct, granting it higher visibility over the others.
Additionally, authenticated users can edit or delete their questions, answers or comments.


## Entities
* Questions, Answers, Comments (common superclass)
* Posts
* Categories
* Users
* Badges (several Badge subclasses)
* Notifications

## Revision history



***


GROUP1763, 08/02/2018
