# A10: Product

SegFault is an online discussion forum, for professionals developers and novices alike, where users can easily share expertise on all programming related topics.

The users can post detailed questions on the site, associating each question with a given set of categories. Additionally, users can answer questions on the site, as well as commenting other questions or answers. In order to keep the community self-moderated, users can also upvote/downvote questions/answers/comments, as well as reporting inappropriate messages. Users trusted by the community (measured by their reputation points) automatically gain the moderator status, gaining owner-like permissions over all messages (delete and edit other's messages). The website also provides advanced search options, with fuzzy matching against the question's title and content, as well as filtering search queries by categories.

In this artifact, we will identify all the functionalities of our platform as well as some development details relative to the product.

 
## 1. Installation
 
> Link to the Github release with the final version of the code.
> Full Docker command to test the group's Docker Hub image using the DBM database.
 
 ```bash
 ```
 
## 2. Usage
 
Navigate to the following link using your favorite browser: [http://lbaw1763.lbaw-prod.fe.up.pt](http://lbaw1763.lbaw-prod.fe.up.pt).
 
### 2.1. Administration Credentials
All administration actions are available to moderators throughout the site.
For instance, a moderator may delete or edit anyone's messages, in order to ensure good content quality on the site.
 
|  Username  | Password |
| ---------- | -------- |
|  lbawMod   | password |
 
### 2.2. User Credentials
 
| Type          | Username  | Password |
| ------------- | --------- | -------- |
| basic account | sudoblob  | password |
 
 
## 3. Application Help
 
> Describe where help has been implemented, pointing to working examples.
 
 
## 4. Input Validation
 
> Describe how input data was validated, and provide examples to scenarios using HTML validation and server-side validation.
 
 
## 5. Check Accessibility and Usability
 
> Provide the results of accessibility and usability tests (as PDF files included in the submitted ZIP file on Moodle), using respectively the following checklists:
> https://ux.sapo.pt/checklists/acessibilidade/
> https://ux.sapo.pt/checklists/usabilidade/
 
 
## 6. HTML & CSS Validation
 
> Provide the results (as PDF files included in the submitted ZIP file on Moodle) of the validation of the HTML and CSS code using the following tools:
> HTML: https://validator.w3.org/nu/
> https://jigsaw.w3.org/css-validator/
 
 
## 7. Revisions to the Project
 
> Describe the revisions made to the project since the requirements specification stage.
 
 
## 8. Implementation Details
 
### 8.1. Libraries Used
 
> Include reference to all the libraries and frameworks used in the product.
> Include library name and reference, description of the use, and link to example where it's used in the product.
 
 
### 8.2 User Stories
 
> Detail the status of the implementation of each user story.
> Also include the new user stories that were created during the project.
 
| US Identifier | Name    | Priority                       | Team members               | State  |
| ------------- | ------- | ------------------------------ | -------------------------- | ------ |
| US 1          | US Name | Mandatory; Important; Optional | John Silva, Ana Sousa ...  |  100%  |
| US 2          | US Name | Mandatory; Important; Optional | John Silva                 |   75%  | 
 
 
***

GROUP1763, 30/05/2018

> André Cruz, up201503776@fe.up.pt  
> Daniel Marques, up201503822@fe.up.pt  
> Edgar Carneiro, up201503784@fe.up.pt  
> João Carvalho, up201504875@fe.up.pt  
